name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _nsurlstoraged
password: *
uid: 243
gid: 243
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLStorage Daemon

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _serialnumberd
password: *
uid: 58
gid: 58
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Serial Number Daemon

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: puppet
password: ********
uid: 52
gid: 495
dir: /var/empty
shell: /sbin/nologin
gecos:

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: vagrant
password: ********
uid: 501
gid: 20
dir: /Users/vagrant
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Vagrant

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _serialnumberd
password: *
uid: 58
gid: 58
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Serial Number Daemon

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _nsurlstoraged
password: *
uid: 243
gid: 243
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLStorage Daemon

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account
